JOBS I WOULD WANT.

Software developer  |  White Hat Hacker


Software Developer:
  
  When you are a software developer:
    you get to build stuff.
    you get to know how stuff works under the hood.
      how that thing works on the real life site/app/software
      if you are curious this is just awesome

  BTW there are  many Routes you can take in this industry, for example:
    OBS: i'm not explaining it in too much detail because that would be just too much useless stuff.

  Software Developer/software engineer, Web developer, Web Designer, UEX, GUI/UI, Server side/back-end, security(hacking),
  Full stack developer, Desktop Aplications, Android Apps, iOS, iPhone, and many more


  The best thing about being a software developer:
    You get FREE COFFEE.
    AND You get to know lovely people that ALSO LOVE COFFEE.

  If i were a software developer: 
    I would make little easter eggs 
    on websites for curious people to find lol...
    I would try to provide the user with the BEST experience as possible,
    always thinking like the consumer, 
    what me as a user would want in this website... and try to make it happen
    
    Besides work...
    I would like to go out to have coffee with fellow colleagues and talk during break time,
    Bake donuts and bring it to work,
    Make a youtube channel showing some parts of my day as a software developer,
    Teaching begginners on how to start out as a software developer,
    Helping others that also want to get into the industry, which i think is the best part,
    and also remember the times where i was a begginner too, I think thats cute and awesome xD



-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------


White Hat hacker:

  Most people think that Hackers are bad people...
  But is that really true?


  WRONG!

  Just as there are bad politicians and good ones(very rare),
  bad Teachers, and Leticia. there are bad hackers, and good ones too!


  There are seven main "categories" or types of hackers:

  Script Kiddie:
    They copy code and use it for a virus or an SQLi or something else.
    A common Script Kiddie attack is DoSING or DDoSing 
    (Denial of service and Distributed Denial of Service)
    

  White Hat:
    Also known as Ethical Hackers, white Hat hackers are 
    the good guys of the hacker world!
    they'll help you remove a virus, or PenTest a company.
    
    \\CEH from EC-Council Albulquerque, New Mexico//


  Black Hat:
    Also known as Crackers, these are the 
    men and women you hear about in the news.
    surprisingly they use common hacking pratice  they learned early on.  


  Gray Hat:
    Nothing is ever just black or white; 
    the same is true in the world of hacking.    
    These hackers comprise most of the hacking world, 
    even though Black Hat hackers garner most(if not all) 
    of the media's attention.


  Green Hat:
    These are the hacker "n00bz", but unlike Script Kiddies, 
    they care about hacking and strive to become full-blown hackers.
    often flamed by hacker community for asking many basic questions.
    When their questions are answered, 
    they’ll listen with the intent and curiosity of a 
    child listening to family stories.


  Red Hat:
    These are the vigilantes of the hacker world. 
    They’re like White Hats in that they halt Black Hats,
    but these folks are downright SCARY to those who have ever 
    tried so much as PenTest. 
    They shut him/her down by uploading viruses, 
    DoSing and accessing his/her computer to destroy 
    it from the inside out. They leverage multiple 
    aggressive methods that might force a cracker to need a new computer.

  Blue Hat:
    If a Script Kiddie took revenge, he/she might become a Blue Hat. 
    Blue Hat hackers will seek 
    vengeance on those who’ve them angry. 
    Most Blue Hats are n00bz, but like the Script Kiddies, 
    they have no desire to learn.



  You may be wondering, well is that a job tho?

  Yes it is, you can be an Ethical hacker 
  and work for companies or to the Government
  
  Its not like you are gonna go there and hack everything... NO.

  If you work as a White hat hacker or Ethical hacker, 
  you will be most certainly working on the security side of things
  like, Testing the site and or database or other services against attacks, 
  trying to find security breaches, and if you find any you fix it.
  Pretty straight forward right? haha


==================================================================================
JOBS I WOULDN'T WANT



doctor  |  police officer



Doctor:

  First of all, doctors need to be able to see 
  blood without passing out, or injuries and grahpical situations.


  just on that one i'm out already haha lol i just can't do it...


  Second thing... Doctors Need to have a sturdy hand... and guess what...
  i don't have a sturdy hand at all.


  Some other reasons:
    you Don't get free coffee...
    you need to stand annoying people everyday...
    it feels so tiring to be a doctor it feels impossible to me haha


---------------------------------------------------------------------------------


Police Officer:

  Well, the main reason i wouldn't want to be a police officer is,
  the fear of emminent death at any momment at work or at least injury.
  
  I am not a couragous person at all i am a coward sadly, 
  so this would be the LEAST proffesion i would want to have


#FUN FACT:
  You have nothing to talk about the jobs that you don't exactly like hahah

